treewide: add developer shell and pre-commit hooks and simplify GitHub workflows (#519)
danth/stylix: docs/src/development_environment.md

# Development Environment

To enter the developer shell, run:

```console
nix develop
```

> To automatically enter the developer shell upon entering the project directory
> with [`direnv`](https://direnv.net), run:

Reviewer: For clarity we should mention that `direnv` needs to be installed beforehand

```suggestion
Alternatively, if you have [`direnv`](https://direnv.net) installed, you may
automatically enter the developer shell upon entering the project directory.
To enable this, run:
```
